fix(secret-manager): give more detail on the Secret Manager concept (#1731)
scaleway/docs-content: identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts.mdx

## Secret Manager

Secret Manager is a solution that provides a centralized location where your secrets can be stored and accessed. Its primary purpose is to securely store secrets, thus eliminating the need for developers to hard code sensitive information in applications or configuration files.

With Secret Manager, you can also share sensitive data such as passwords, API keys and certificates.

> Scaleway's Secret Manager provides an [API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/secret-manager/) and [CLI](https://www.scaleway.com/en/cli/) that allow authorized applications or services to retrieve secrets securely. This enables you for instance, to automate a deployment by fetching your passwords stored on Secret Manager through the API, storing them in your environment variables, which will then be used by your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway's Secret Manager can be managed using [APIs](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/secret-manager/) and the Scaleway [CLI](https://www.scaleway.com/en/cli/), which allow authorized applications or services to retrieve secrets securely. This enables you to automate a deployment by fetching your passwords stored on Secret Manager through the API, and storing them in your environment variables, which will then be used by your application.
```
